add genai guide (#19262)
docker/docs: content/guides/use-case/genai-video-bot/_index.md

   #----------------------------------------------------------------------------
   OPENAI_TOKEN=your-api-key # Replace your-api-key with your personal API key

   #----------------------------------------------------------------------------
   # Pinecone
   #----------------------------------------------------------------------------
   PINECONE_TOKEN=your-api-key # Replace your-api-key with your personal API key
   ```

3. Build and run the application. In a terminal, change directory to your
   `docker-genai` directory and run the following command.
   ```console
   $ docker compose up --build
   ```
   Docker Compose builds and runs the application based on the services defined
   in the `docker-compose.yaml` file. When the application is running, you'll
   see the logs of 2 services in the terminal.

   In the logs, you'll see the services are exposed on ports `8503` and `8504`.
   The two services are complimentary to each other.

   The `yt-whisper` service is running on port `8503`. This service feeds the
   Pinecone database with videos that you want to archive in your knowledge
   database. The following section explores this service.

## Using the yt-whisper service

> The yt-whisper service is YouTube video processing service that uses the OpenAI

Reviewer: Missing article:
```suggestion
The yt-whisper service is a YouTube video processing service that uses the OpenAI
```

Whisper model to generate transcriptions of videos and stores them in a Pinecone
database. The following steps show how to use the service.

1. Open a browser and access the yt-whisper service at [http://localhost:8503](http://localhost:8503).

> 2. Once the application appears, in **Youtube URL** specify a Youtube video URL

Reviewer: **Nit:** can maybe be clearer here
```suggestion
2. Once the application appears, in the **Youtube URL** field specify a Youtube video URL
```

   download the transcript.

   ![A processed video in the yt-whisper service](images/yt-whisper-2.webp)

   You can now access the dockerbot service on port `8504` and ask questions
   about the videos.

## Using the dockerbot service

The dockerbot service is a question-answering service that leverages both the
Pinecone database and an AI model to provide responses. The following steps show
how to use the service.

> **Note**
>
> You must process at least one video via the
> [yt-whisper service](#using-the-yt-whisper-service) before using
> the dockerbot service.

1. Open a browser and access the service at
   [http://localhost:8504](http://localhost:8504).

2. In the **What do you want to know about your videos?** text box, ask the
   Dockerbot a question about a video that was processed by the yt-whisper
   service. The following example asks the question, "What is a sugar cookie?".
   The answer to that question exists in the video processed in the previous
   example,
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaQZFhrW0fU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaQZFhrW0fU).
   
   ![Asking a question to the Dockerbot](images/bot.webp)
   

>    As you can see in the previous image, the Dockerbot answers the question and

Reviewer: **Thought:** I wonder if the wording for this should be updated as some users might not view the image and may be using a screenreader, so they'll be relying on this paragraph to explain the example: 
```suggestion
   In this example, the Dockerbot answers the question and
```
